What is the YTD return of  private investment class ?
What is our exposure to Europe?
What is ADIC's exposure?
What is the exposure of the UAE Investments Platform?
What was the exposure of the UAE investments platform in 2023
What is our exposure to Blackrock?
What is our exposure to public equity asset class?
What is the exposure of Mubadala Group?
What is the exposure of UAE investments platform?
What is the exposure to Private Equity Platform?
How was the exposure to the Private Equity platform evolved over the past 5 years?
What is the exposure to the Real Assets platform?
What is the exposure to the credit and special situations platform?
what is the exposure to the MIC corporate platform?
What is the exposure to the UAE Real Estate business unit
what is the exposure to the healthcare business unit?
What is the exposure to the Infrastructure business unit?
Exposure to Real Estate business unit
Exposure to UAE clusters business unit
What is the exposure to North america region over past 5 years
What is Private Equity platform's exposure to UAE country?
What is Private Equity platform's exposure to Europe region?
What is the breakdown of Private Equity Platform by region
What is the breakdown of UAE Platform by region
What is the breakdown of ADIC Platform by region
Breakdown of the portfolio by asset class
Breakdown of the portfolio by GICS Sector
What is the portfolio's exposure to Blackrock?
What are the Portfolio's largest partners by exposure?
What is the portfolio's exposure to KKR?
What are the top 10 investments by exposure in Real Assets platform?
What are the largest 10 investments in Real Assets platform?
What are the Portfolio's largest investments in Europe?
What is our exposure to listed equity asset class?
What are the top 10 investments by exposure in the listed equity asset class?
what is MIC's exposure to Credit Investments?
What is MIC's exposure split by new and existing vintage investments ?
What is our exposure to North America?
What is MIC's % exposure by investment class
Which Region in MIC had the highest increase in exposures from beginning of 2025 to YTD 2025?
What are the top 5 investments in the UAE Platform by Exposure? Provide a table, showing their UVs as well
What are our largest 10 investments in the Corporate Platform
What is MIC's exposure to Public Investments in Europe?
Which region had the highest growth rate in 2024?
What were the Platform 1 year returns for 2024?
